Add Index controller documentation (#26)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/index/get-auto-refresh/index.md

---
code: true
type: page

> title: getAutoRefresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: GetAutoRefreshAsync
```

description: Returns the status of autorefresh flag
---

> # GetAutoRefresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GetAutoRefreshAsync
```

The getAutoRefresh action returns the current autorefresh status for the index.

Each index has an autorefresh flag.  

> When set to true, each write request trigger a [refresh](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-refresh.html) action on Elasticsearch.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When set to true, each write request triggers a [refresh](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-refresh.html) action in Elasticsearch.  
```

> When set to true, each write request triggers a [refresh](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/docs-refresh.html) action in Elasticsearch.  

Reviewer 2: Do not link to the "current" ES documentation, which currently points to the ES7 documentation.
Use specifically the v5 version:

```suggestion
When set to true, each write request triggers a [refresh](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/5.6/docs-refresh.html) action in Elasticsearch.  
```

> Without a refresh after a write request, the documents may not be immediately visible in search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without a refresh after a write request, the documents may not be immediately available in search results.
```

:::info
A refresh operation comes with some performance costs.  
While forcing the autoRefresh can be convenient on a development or test environment,  
we recommend that you avoid using it in production or at least carefully monitor its implications before using it.
:::

## Arguments

```cs
Task<bool> GetAutoRefreshAsync(string index);
```

> | Arguments | Type                       | Description       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Argument  | Type                       | Description       |
```
